Try to build the truest with the team members and each other
Be open and make an open environment/culture
Make an example before requesting/ask  something


Architecture board

Resulting context over solution
Drawbacks   b. Benefits c. Issues to resolve

     2.   Resolving problems
Identifying the problems
Find reasons for problems
Find how to resolve problems
Find an approach to resolve this

3. Change the focus & face the fear



4. Team conflicts

https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/types-of-team-conflict


How to resolve team conflicts
 
Stay calm

Acknowledge the conflict and find a resolution

 
Communicate (and listen) / . Clarify Positions

List facts and assumptions based on each position

Break into smaller groups and separate existing alliances

Reconvene the groups

Celebrate the resolution as a team
 

Involve leadership or HR
 
--------------------------------------------------------
Systematic approaches

Agile control framework


--------------------------------------------------------

The Four Values of The Agile Manifesto

1. Individuals and Interactions Over Processes and Tools

because it is the people who respond to business needs and drive the development process. 
Key word is drive : It doesn’t mean you should not use/help tools and processes


2. Working Software Over Comprehensive Documentation

Technical specifications, technical requirements, technical prospectus, interface design documents, test plans, documentation plans, and approvals required for each. 

3. Customer Collaboration Over Contract Negotiation

customer who is engaged and collaborates throughout the development process, making.


4. Responding to Change Over Following a Plan

Traditional software development regarded change as an expense, 

priorities can be shifted from iteration to iteration and new features can be added into the next iteration.

Having said that, the sprint is planned and fixed.


The Twelve Agile Manifesto Principles

https://www.bitrix24.com/articles/agile-development-methodology-basic-rules-and-features.php

The twelve principles of agile development include:
Customer satisfaction through early and continuous software delivery – Customers are happier when they receive working software at regular intervals, rather than waiting extended periods of time between releases.
Accommodate changing requirements throughout the development process – The ability to avoid delays when a requirement or feature request changes.
Frequent delivery of working software – Scrum accommodates this principle since the team operates in software sprints or iterations that ensure regular delivery of working software.
Collaboration between the business stakeholders and developers throughout the project – Better decisions are made when the business and technical team are aligned.
Support, trust, and motivate the people involved – Motivated teams are more likely to deliver their best work than unhappy teams.
Enable face-to-face interactions – Communication is more successful when development teams are co-located.
Working software is the primary measure of progress – Delivering functional software to the customer is the ultimate factor that measures progress.
Agile processes to support a consistent development pace – Teams establish a repeatable and maintainable speed at which they can deliver working software, and they repeat it with each release.
Attention to technical detail and design enhances agility – The right skills and good design ensures the team can maintain the pace, constantly improve the product, and sustain change.
Simplicity – Develop just enough to get the job done for right now.
Self-organizing teams encourage great architectures, requirements, and designs – Skilled and motivated team members who have decision-making power, take ownership, communicate regularly with other team members, and share ideas that deliver quality products.
Regular reflections on how to become more effective – Self-improvement, process improvement, advancing skills, and techniques help team members work more efficiently.

Agile benefits and adavantages

https://www.cio.com/article/3156998/agile-project-management-a-beginners-guide.html


